In the last section we got started with our X code installation and now we're going to continue with
everything else starting with homebrew.
So homebrew again is used to install Nood.
That's all we're going to use it for homebrew is also used to install many other OS X programs.
You may already have it installed.
If you do not.
No problem.
We're going to install it right now.
So I going to open up my browser and we're going to navigate directly to brew dot SH
once it Brooky.
SH There's a fantastic link right in the middle here.
Big text box.
We're going to highlight everything inside of your skin and highlight all of it and I will copy it and
then we're going to execute this script at our command line that script right there will automatically
install and configure homebrewed for us.
So I'll flip over to my terminal.
I've already got my terminal open.
If you do not have your eyes open you can open it right now by just running terminal like so.
Once my terminal is open I'm going to paste that link in here and make sure that I've got the entire
length series from user been all the way through the ending quotes with install over here.
And then I will simply run it to install it.
In my case I've already got homebrew installed so everything is good to go.
If you already have homebrew installed you can update it by running through updates.
And this will run through and install a bunch of or excuse me update your listing of all dependencies
and packages.
Who has access to.
Is usually takes like a min or two to run.
Will give it another second and then I'll just there we go.
Hopefully yours runs a little bit faster than mine.
I'm not on the fastest Internet connection here but no problem.
Well while that runs will go ahead and go through the node installation as well.
So I'm going to begin at the command line run the command Brue install node and this is all it takes
to install no.
Yes in my case I'm already running that update.
In addition I actually already have Mode installed right now version 6.3.
If you have an earlier version of node no problem no problem whatsoever.
Just make sure that you have at least a version 4.5.
That's kind of like the minimum cut off re-act native right now at least make sure the 4.5 this installation
might take you a minute or two to run through so no problem.
If you want to pause the video right now and let the installation finish up fantastic.
Once the installation is complete I'm going to confirm that node is installed by at the command line
running node dash V and when I run that you can see I get my version Pop up so fantastic that means
everything's installed on raid to use mode.
I can now also install the watchman program as well so I will run Brue install Watchmen.
I remember is a program developed by Facebook for just watching our hard drive for file changes.
That's all we're using it for.
So I will install Watchmen.
In my case again I think I've already got installed as you see right here.
If you don't have install just go ahead and again let it do its thing and only take a minute or two
to get set up.
Then the very last thing that we need to install will be the re-act native CLID at the command line
again.
I will run NPM install Dasch G re-act native Seelye and make sure you got the dashes in between each
of those.
In my case again for the fourth time in a row I've already got this installed so it's either going to
decide to try to do an update or just say hey you already got this going.
OK.
Looks like it just went ahead and did an update perhaps.
So that's it.
That's all we need to get started with Riak need of a lie at this point in time.
We're now going to use re-act need of Selye to generate our first project.
Once you generate a Riak need a project it really takes a minute to go through the installation.
It downloads a lot of dependencies and does a lot of project setup.
So when we generate this project this first one we're going to get started with.
It's to taking a little bit of time to run through.
We'll take a quick break and then continue development in the next section so let's get started with
this startup process.
I'm in a directory right now where I want to place my project.
So if you're not in a good project directory a good place to try to place it.
You'll want to change a directory for me right now I'm in a nice place called workspace workspace Prod.
which is for me short for production it means this is the code that I'm going to be writing for the
course and you know what I can kind of stuff.
Anyways the point is that I'm in a great spot right here to get started at the project so we're going
to generate our first project by running the command line interface.
We'll type in re-act native init albums re-act native is a reference to the Riak native command line
tool.
Init means we want to initialize a new project and then the last term here albums is the name of the
first application that we're going to build.
So the name of this application is going to be albums.
So let's go ahead and run this.
Again this is going to take some amount of time to get through.
So I'm going to pause the video right now and will continue in a little bit by getting started with
our excellent setup and then we're going to start working on our first application so I will catch you
in the next section.